Polytopes: Add SubdivisionOfPoints object (#610)
oscar-system/Oscar.jl: docs/src/PolyhedralGeometry/pg_subdivisions_of_points.md

```@meta
CurrentModule = Oscar
```

```@setup oscar
using Oscar
```

```@contents
Pages = ["pg_subdivision_of_points.md"]
```

# Subdivisions of points

## Introduction

Let $\mathbb{F}$ be an ordered field; the most prominent case here is where
$\mathbb{F}=\mathbb{Q}$ are the rational numbers.

## Construction

> To construct a polyhedral fan, you must pass the rays of each cone in the fan, along with an `IncidenceMatrix` encoding which rays are extremal with respect to which cones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To construct a subdvision of points, you must pass the points for all cells, along with an `IncidenceMatrix` encoding which points belong to which cell.
```
